# Computer Science

## Skyline Implementation
Range skyline inquiry generalizes point-based dynamic skyline inquiry to search for a dynamic skyline for all individual lookup points in the range. A wide range of applications allows users to submit preferences for a single search value, not limited to submitting preferences for a single search value, but within the interval of 'ideally pursued' values at all levels. The technical contribution of this paper is to introduce and formulate dynamic range skyline queries as a new dominant way to evaluate multidimensional data using range skyline operators. We propose a gradual algorithm using several interesting attributes and pruning strategies to efficiently process the above query in n.r.t. and i.r.t., two types of query predicated parallel to the axis of n-d space. For the spatial axis, we propose an isometric segment of i.r.t. Experimentally verify that the proposed algorithm is I/O optimal and robust in practical terms. 
Let S be an n-d space and P be a dataset of points for S. Q is called a query area. When Q is reduced to a single point, the query represents a calculation that is a dynamic skyline query i.r.t. single query point. The dynamic skyline of the P.i.r.t. query point q(q1, ..., qn) can be calculated as a static skyline query of P after projecting all data points in the original space into the new dynamic data space where q is the origin. The Euclidean distance to q in all dimensions is used as a mapping function of data points. Thus, all data points p in the original space will be projected onto the point p′ (|q1 - p1 |, ..., |qn – pn|). The query predicate Ω may be a hyper right angle iso-angle to the axis of the n-d space because it represents the user's preference composed of intervals of values in all dimensions.
